Improve Security (#52)
lonnieezell/Bonfire2: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

The development team and community take all security issues seriously. **Please do not make public any uncovered flaws.**

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Thank you for improving the security of our code! Any assistance in removing security flaws will be acknowledged.

> **Please report security flaws by emailing the development team directly: security@codeigniter.com**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please report security flaws by emailing the development team directly: lonnieezell@gmail.com**.
```
